[DOCS-1054] Prefer "W&B" over "Weights & Biases" in most situations (#1488)
wandb/docs: content/en/launch/integration-guides/dagster.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

> The configuration object, `metadata`, is used to configure how W&B (wandb) interacts with different artifact partitions in your project.

Author: ```suggestion
The configuration object, `metadata`, configures how W&B interacts with different artifact partitions in your project.
```
This pattern of simplification may also be relevant to other changed lines.
